From spencerp1 at gmail.com  Mon Dec 18 12:26:09 2006
From: spencerp1 at gmail.com (spencerp)
Date: Mon Dec 18 12:26:22 2006
Subject: [Wp-install] To get this off my chest.. 
Message-ID: <009101c7229f$b76c9700$cce5ee04@computer>

[[ Not trying to start drama, but, it all does erk me to no end, and I feel this needs to be done.. ]]

For one thing, the whole discussion on giving out "custom titles" to people, was thought to be *just that*.. custom titles.. 
http://comox.textdrive.com/pipermail/wp-forums/2006-December/004102.html

Not giving mod status to people that WERE NOT really on the forums helping people, before, anyway.. for the looongest time.. And TWO yet to boot!?! That's funny.. two to replace me lmao.. Hahaha, nah just kidding! 

Despite the crap that happened with me and Wonderland or Not ordeal. "Everyone" (not everyone on the wp-forums list though)  knew I wanted to be a moderator again, if all was possible. 

Which was basically said by Podz via GoogleTalk.. that it was a good possibility, it just depends on how everyone felt about it, and when it became a "memory", and that it had been discussed out, by everyone on the list first. 

However, from what I got, from an email later on.. that "custom title" title discussion, is where it should have all started (the bringing up of me, being mod again)  to begin with.. Of course.. I didn't know that.. geesh! 

But, anyway.. I *still* got the double ass f-ings of a life time though, because.. 

1) Was booted off the install4free service, without my permission.. because, someone wants to play the boss there, and changes the password repeatedly.. Which, wasn't given to me, so that's booting! 

(Note: This is one reason why I didn't wanna post on the forums anymore, because this is the one that became a moderator.. with the "powers" to be able to delete, move, remove and so forth. 

How do I know what will happen to my posts..!?!?!? I don't!!) Way to go making that one a mod!! [Claps hands, gives standing ovation!] I know in general that they are a good person, they just aren't making the greatest decisions though. However, in my case.. I made ONE bad decision, and was punished, where in their case.. they were rewarded!! F-ing B.S. actually.. >_<

Also, the Wonderland or Not crap, didn't have anything to do with the Install4Free service at all... and yet I was removed from it..!?!?!! What the hell!??! Once again people! THE STUFF THAT HAPPENED INREGARDS TO THE WONDERLAND OR NOT, DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE INSTALL4FREE!

So, I shouldn't haven't gotten the boot then!! 

2) It was said to me, that .. I would be ALLOWED back on the Install4free team, if I posted in the forums again, and got my good reputation back!! 

What the hell!?!?! Hello people!! I had been posting TONS, well before getting the double f-ing in the ass that is! I didn't have a bad reputation on the forums to begin with!?!?! The only ones that knew of the Wonderland or Not crap, was those that read my blog, and read that chick's blog about me.. which isn't, and wasn't the WHOLE WP community.. 

All my posts about it were removed.. and her's on me, was now changed to password protected.. It was a little goof-up.. it wasn't like I asked her to sleep with me! Jesus People! It really erks me, that someone has the balls to say .. THEY'D LET ME BACK ON the Install4Free again, if I posted more again and such! WTF!?!?!

I was ALWAYS in there helping people.. I had done how many installs for people before too!! I was there in the forums, posting MORE then both of those two, that just became mods.. before all this crap went on.. And I still think it's funny how since becoming mods, NOW they posting in there more.. that truely is the funniest.. lmao!


3) Again, All that stuff was done between her, and I, on personal blog's.. not on the forums, not through I4F.. And sending PRIVATE emails amongst those listed there on that "Who runs it" page, "asking if I should be back on the team".. is wrong too!
 
 I DID NOT ask to be removed.. I specifically stated before, I'd remove myself if I wanted to leave it. The I4F is NOT a privately run service, where ONLY those listed on that "Who runs it page".. should get the emails about it, there should NOT be just one person, claiming to be boss, and taking control by changing passwords.. 

4) I do love helping people.. it does show.. 
http://www.freelancewritersmanifesto.wellwrittenwords.com/?p=3
http://www.blog.marketmou.com/2006/12/11/spence-is-still-locked-out-of-his-job/
http://www.blog.marketmou.com/2006/11/25/wordpress-bring-back-spence/
http://aliveandblogging.com/blog/?p=10
http://www.gujjupunju.com/blog/2006/10/05/up-and-running/
http://www.blog.marketmou.com/?p=1

Besides all those people I help in the forums, and also get intouch with outside of the forums, to manually upgrade their blog's, or help them with problems..

And me coming back to help, is quite frankly sad.. it's basically saying.. ("Sure! I don't mind getting double f-ed in the ass, I'll come back and help in the Community! Sure! Why not help in there, and help take off some workload, from those that F-ed me over! Sure! I'll be there in a heartbeat!!) NOT!!

Sorry.. 

I just made one slip up, and all this crap happened because of it sigh. Whatever.. 

spencerp

/I don't know anymore.. I basically got, what happened to Lara, just in another way.. Which was also in itself, f-ing bullshit.. And yes, I did see, and noticed her posting in the forums again lately.. That's good though, she's not a total evil person.. She does help too .. ;) :) 

It's sad though, I AM one of the good helper/ peoples.. dedicating my time to help everyone.. and just get f-ed over.. and expect to come back and help again.. Uh, hello!? It'd be a shame to lose me totally.. which I was thinking about doing too..  No need to delete my replies, and original posts though, they can, or could help someone in the future.. ;) 

I'm not sure though, I MIGHT come back around then.. 
From spencerp1 at gmail.com  Sat Dec 23 06:43:56 2006
From: spencerp1 at gmail.com (spencerp)
Date: Sat Dec 23 06:44:09 2006
Subject: [Wp-install] Re: To get this off my chest.. 
Message-ID: <037f01c7265d$baf57150$25dfee04@computer>

After I had submit the previous email, and re-read what I had wrote.. I myself thought it was totally uncalled for, which it was..

My actions/remarks over this all, well, was quite frankly immature, a-hole-ish, childish, and down right uncalled-for. I shouldn't have taken my anger, and feelings out publically on a list as this one..  :( 

I should have listened to what Vicki had said in a forum reply to one of my own threads.. by releasing such feelings on a local server blog. I apologize to everyone on this list, for acting like a childish a-hole.  And publically making other's appear "evil or bad".. in which they really are not, at all.. 

I apologize to Handy and Podz, for the a-hole-ish emails I had sent them privately. And doing the copy/pastes of such private convos, between Handy and I .. and sending them as references.. Yes Moshu! I need a spanking.. You told me a few times already about that.. and I just never listened.. sigh. :(

I have to especially give an apology to MichaelH and Samboll, because they *are* good people. And they do, do, a great job of helping people when they need it. I'm also sure there was a good reason behind me being removed from the Install4free team.. I was just too *about me*, and wasn't looking at the real reasons of why such punishments/actions were placed upon me.. .  :(

I also have to apologize to Doodlebee, and the others on this list, for shelling out the harsh, garbage email of mine before this one.. :(  Everyone on this list, including those that I had exchanged emails with privately.. shouldn't have had to deal with the crap emails of mine. 

I also shouldn't have made an email, making fun of Podz's decision to have those two guys moderators, let alone making fun and being harsh to everyone in the process.. because I was being a selfish a-hole.. :( 

My moderator status was revoked, because I *did* make a mistake, and that should have been left alone by me from the start.. I shouldn't have kept asking about it, I shouldn't have kept harping about it all. The punishment was made, I should have just excepted it, and left it alone.. but I didn't. And I'm sorry to everyone for that as well.. :(

I'm sure everyone totally dislikes, or hates me now.. :(  I'm not even expecting any replies to this email either.. If you want too, that's cool.. if not, that's cool too. ;) :)  Also, after thinking about all of this further ..  

I seriously believe/feel, that I shouldn't give up helping the users in the forums, just because of my previous anger, my slip ups.. my childish behaviour, and any irresponsible actions I had made. After all, it would not be fair to the users seeking the help, it's not fair to everyone else (volunteers/moderators/admins).. 

I will be in the forums again, hopefully soon here.. ;):)  I've just been swamped with my own things lately, it's not even funny...sigh..  :(  I have been, however.. checking the forums from time to time.. and so forth. So, I'll be coming in there again, soon. ;):)  

All I can do is apologize, and hope everyone forgives me, and also start volunteering in the forums again.. I hope to eventually gain everyone's respect again, then.. I'm not sure that's even possible.. but, if it's not, I'll understand.. ;) :)

Anyway, sorry to everyone again, and expect some forum volunteering from spencerp again!! ;) :)

spencerp

